Update Guides “how-we-do-development” (#954)
dxw/playbook: _guides/how-we-do-development.md

For example, while working on a card with ID `123` about generating a report:

> * Good: `123/generate-report`, `123-generate-report,` `feature/123-generate-report`

Author: Moved `feature/123` down the list as it feels like something we're doing less of.

Rebasing can take some practice to get used to if you haven't done it often. Ask
for help if you need it.

### 7. Tidy up your commits

Before requesting a review, consider tidying up your commit history on the
branch to tell a clear, coherent story. We tend to review PRs commit by commit,
as it allows you to see how the feature builds up on the branch, and having
atomic, easily-digestible commits that logically flow from one to the next makes
this a lot easier to review. Try to avoid touching unrelated code in the same PR
- if you spot something that might need refactoring, do it in its own PR.

Here’s an example of the sort of history you might want to tidy up:

`bc870303 Add dashboard for viewing user profiles`

`fd3ab401 Allow users to change passwords`

`50a6a7a6 Fix typo on dashboard (can be squashed into bc870303)`

`8b1cf775 Refactor password changing function (can be squashed into fd3ab401)`

`f3344703 Fix flaky test introduced in previous PR (should probably be its own

> PR)`

Reviewer: I suggest putting these all in a single fenced code block instead of multiple paragraphs.

Author: Yeah - I wanted to do this but was copying across from a google doc for some reason (didn't know how to use Netlify at first). Good suggestion!

* describe any consequences of the work
* update the [changelog](#tracking-changes)

> #### Tidying up your commits

Reviewer: I think this section needs to come after the bit about the review guide and the examples. Or insert it as a step before the current step 7?

Author: Yeah, I was trying to figure out where it worked best. Have moved it into its own step as I think it's an important one to highlight for people who are new to dxw and might not have rebased / tidied up their commits much before.

If someone else needs to merge your code in, they should ask you about it if
they can, but shouldn't feel prevented from doing so.

> When merging code to main, we prefer to use a merge commit, rather than merging with a rebase, as having a merge commit as part of the project history makes it clear when a change has actually been merged into the codebase.

Author: This is something that may confuse people, as we rebase elsewhere.

> When merging code to main, we prefer to use a merge commit, rather than merging with a rebase, as having a merge commit as part of the project history makes it clear when a change has actually been merged into the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When merging code into a long-lived branch, we prefer to use a merge commit, rather than merging with a rebase, as having a merge commit as part of the project history makes it clear when a change has actually been merged into the codebase.
```
